UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  17.24% to 25.24%, based on you
r creditworthiness.                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                              These APRs will vary with the mark
et based on the Prime Rate.a                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      APR for Balance Transfers                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        17.24% to 25.24%, based on your creditworthiness, for tr
ansfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              APR for Cash Advan
ces                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            26.74%              
                                                                                
                                                     This APR will vary with the
 market based on the Prime Rate.b                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Penalty APR and When it Applies                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.c                                                  
                                                                                
                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:                
                                                                                
                                                    (1) Make a late payment or (
2) Make a payment that is returned.                                             
                                                                                
                       How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are inc
reased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          How to
 Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing c
ycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire ba
lance by the due date each month.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Minimum Interest Charge                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  If you are charged interest, t
he charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
             For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   To learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at                                                           
               http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    Fees        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Fee                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
              $450                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                Transaction Fees                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                      â€¢                                         
                                                                                
                   Balance Transfer                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                          Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whiche
ver is greater.                                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           â€¢                                                    
                                                                                
        Cash Advance                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
    Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                         â€¢                                      
                                                                                
                      Foreign Purchase Transaction                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                         None                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                 Penalty Fees                                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                          â€¢                                     
                                                                                
                                            Late Payment                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                          Up to $35                                             
                                                                                
                                                                       â€¢        
                                                                                
                                                    Returned Payment            
                                                                                
                                                                                
          Up to $35                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                          How We Will Calculate 
Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current transacti
ons)."  Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the
 Penalty APR if you make a late payment.   For more information call Citibank at
 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New York State Department of
 Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative informat
ion on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.  Payment Allocation: We may ap
ply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR bal
ances first, including transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Mini
mum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balance first. Prime Rate: 
The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.         
                        a We add 12.49% to 20.49% to the Prime Rate to determine
 the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.                                             
b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. c We add u
p to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. Variable rate APRs w
ill not exceed 29.99%.                      CitiÂ® / AAdvantageÂ® Executive World 
EliteTM MastercardÂ® Terms &amp; Conditions                    This offer is vali
d for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married
, you may apply for a separate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi,"
 "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of 
submission to process your Card Account application.By submitting this applicati
on, you request that Citi establish a CitiÂ® / AAdvantageÂ® Executive World EliteT
M MastercardÂ® account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized users you h
ave designated. You agree that all information provided in this application must
 be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account is governed by the terms of the car
d agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issued.        
                    Identity Verification                            IMPORTANT I
NFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government f
ight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requi
res all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that id
entifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will ask for your 
name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identi
fy you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's license or
 other identifying documents; and obtain identification information about you or
 any authorized user you add to your account.            Credit ReportsYou autho
rize us to get credit reports and other information about you from consumer repo
rting agencies and other sources, for such purposes as: determining whether to i
ssue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Card Account,
 credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing of the Card 
Account, and offering other products and services and for any other uses permitt
ed by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested a credit bu
reau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that provided us w
ith such reports. From time to time, we may report negative information about yo
ur Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.   
 Credit Information    To receive a Card Account, you must meet our applicable c
riteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your revolving credit limit will be det
ermined based on the following:            Your annual salary and wages        A
ny other annual income        A review of your debt, including the debt listed o
n your credit report        We'll inform you of your revolving credit limit when
 you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $5000. Please note t
hat cash advances may be limited to a portion of your revolving credit limit.   
    Card Agreement                            If you are approved for a Card Acc
ount, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Account.     
            The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you use your C
ard Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account,                 the Card 
Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account within 30 days
 after we send you the Card Agreement.                 We have the right to make
 changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees) in accorda
nce with the Card Agreement.            Information Sharing You authorize us to 
report to American Airlines, AAdvantageÂ® miles earned with us. You also authoriz
e us to share with American Airlines information you provided to us on the appli
cation and experiential and transactional information regarding your activity wi
th us.   Special Notices                            Notice to Ohio Residents: Th
e Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equall
y available to all                 creditworthy customers, and that credit repor
ting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request
.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with t
his law.                                        Notice to Wisconsin Residents: N
o marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree adversely af
fects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statement or cour
t order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of its terms bef
ore your account is opened. Important Information About Adding An Authorized Use
r            Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account you should kn
ow:                            You're responsible for all charges made or allowe
d to the Card Account by the authorized user.                Authorized users ha
ve access to your Card Account information.                                    B
efore adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we may report Ca
rd Account performance                     to the credit reporting agencies in t
he authorized user's name.                                                     I
f we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain their permis
sion to share their information with us and for us to share it as allowed by app
licable law.            Balance Transfer Information                            
How to Make Balance Transfers                                                   
        After receiving your card, you can call the customer service number on t
he back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made available 
at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard purchase AP
R unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.                 
                                   If we give you the option to transfer a balan
ce with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Card Account 
is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time, you may ca
ncel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on the back o
f your card.                                                    You may transfer
 any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus balance transfer
 fees must be less than your available revolving credit limit. Be sure you don't
 transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you may lose your
 dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts issued by Citi
 or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, please visit
 www.citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affiliates.Cont
inue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed this balan
ce transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of the balanc
e transfer directly to that issuer. The available revolving credit limit for you
r new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, including fees 
we approve.                        Things You Should Know About Your Balance Tra
nsfer Offer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest will be charg
ed on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have a 0% APR o
r you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amount of your 
balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period.If you def
ault under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on the balance t
ransfer. Additional Information    Any benefit, reward, service or feature offer
ed in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued at any tim
e for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't responsibl
e for products and services offered by other companies.Award Program Information
American Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantageÂ® program and its t
erms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvantageÂ® progr
am with six months' notice. Any such changes may affect your ability to use the 
awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified, AAdvantag
eÂ® miles earned through this promotion/offer do not count toward elite-status qu
alification or AAdvantage Million Milerâ„  status. American Airlines is not respon
sible for products or services offered by other participating companies. For com
plete details about the AAdvantageÂ® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage.American Ai
rlines, AAdvantage, American Eagle, the Flight Symbol logo, Admirals Club, AAdva
ntage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, Flagship and AA Cargo are trade
marks of American Airlines, Inc.MastercardÂ® is a registered trademark of Masterc
ard International, Incorporated.                        Close