UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  14.99% to 24.99%, based on you
r creditworthiness.                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                              These APRs will vary with the mark
et based on the Prime Rate.a                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      APR for Balance Transfers                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        14.99% to 24.99%, based on your creditworthiness, for tr
ansfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              APR for Cash Advan
ces                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            26.74%              
                                                                                
                                                     This APR will vary with the
 market based on the Prime Rate.b                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Penalty APR and When it Applies                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.c                                                  
                                                                                
                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:                
                                                                                
                                                    (1) Make a late payment or (
2) Make a payment that is returned.                                             
                                                                                
                       How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are inc
reased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          How to
 Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing c
ycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire ba
lance by the due date each month.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Minimum Interest Charge                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  If you are charged interest, t
he charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
             For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   To learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at                                                           
               http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    Fees        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Fee                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
              None                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                Transaction Fees                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                      â€¢                                         
                                                                                
                   Balance Transfer                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                          Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whiche
ver is greater.                                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           â€¢                                                    
                                                                                
        Cash Advance                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
    Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                         â€¢                                      
                                                                                
                      Foreign Purchase Transaction                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                         3% of each purchase transaction in U.S.
 dollars.                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                             Penalty Fees       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      â€¢                                                                         
                                                                                
        Late Payment                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                      None for t
he first late payment; up to $35 after that.                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
â€¢                                                                               
                                                             Returned Payment   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                   Up to $35                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                   How We Will C
alculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (including current 
transactions)."  Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introductory APR and 
apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.   For more information call Ci
tibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New York State Depa
rtment of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative
 information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.  Payment Allocation: 
We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lowe
r APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, payments above 
your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balance first. Pri
me Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.
                                 a We add 10.24% to 20.24% to the Prime Rate to 
determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.                                    
         b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. c
 We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. Variable ra
te APRs will not exceed 29.99%.                      CitiÂ® Double Cash Card Term
s &amp; Conditions                    This offer is valid for new accounts only.
 You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply for a se
parate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the is
suer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to process yo
ur Card Account application.By submitting this application, you request that Cit
ibank, N.A. ("Citibank") establish a CitiÂ® Double Cash Card account (the "Card A
ccount") to you and any authorized users you have designated. You agree that all
 information provided in this application must be verifiable and accurate.The Ca
rd Account is governed by the terms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") pro
vided when the Card Account is issued.                            Identity Verif
ication                            IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OP
ENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and 
money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to 
obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an 
account. This means that we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and 
other information that will allow us to identify you when you open an account. W
e may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents; and 
obtain identification information about you or any authorized user you add to yo
ur account.            Credit ReportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and 
other information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other sources, 
for such purposes as: determining whether to issue you a Card Account, administe
ring, reviewing and renewing the Card Account, credit line increases or decrease
s, collection and other servicing of the Card Account, and offering other produc
ts and services and for any other uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll te
ll you whether or not we requested a credit bureau report and the names and addr
esses of any credit bureaus that provided us with such reports. From time to tim
e, we may report negative information about your Card Account behavior, like del
inquencies, to consumer reporting agencies.    Credit Information    To receive 
a Card Account, you must meet our applicable criteria bearing on creditworthines
s.     Your credit limit will be determined based on the following:            Y
our annual salary and wages        Any other annual income        A review of yo
ur debt, including the debt listed on your credit report        We'll inform you
 of your credit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as l
ow as $500. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your c
redit limit.       Card Agreement                            If you are approved
 for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Car
d Account.                 The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once
 you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account,           
      the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account
 within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement.                 We have th
e right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and f
ees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.            Special Notices          
                  Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination
 require that all creditors make credit equally available to all                
 creditworthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate cr
edit histories on each individual upon request.                 The Ohio Civil R
ights Commission administers compliance with this law.                          
              Notice to Wisconsin Residents: No marital property agreement, unil
ateral statement, or court decree adversely affects our rights, unless you give 
us a copy of such agreement, statement or court order before we grant you credit
, or we have actual knowledge of its terms before your account is opened. Import
ant Information About Adding An Authorized User            Before adding an auth
orized user to your Card Account you should know:                            You
're responsible for all charges made or allowed to the Card Account by the autho
rized user.                Authorized users have access to your Card Account inf
ormation.                                    Before adding an authorized user, y
ou must let him/her know that we may report Card Account performance            
         to the credit reporting agencies in the authorized user's name.        
                                             If we ask for information about the
 authorized user, you must obtain their permission to share their information wi
th us and for us to share it as allowed by applicable law.            Balance Tr
ansfer Information                            How to Make Balance Transfers     
                                                      After receiving your card,
 you can call the customer service number on the back of your card to transfer b
alances. Balance transfers are made available at our discretion. All balance tra
nsfers are subject to the standard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or ot
her promotional rate applies.                                                   
 If we give you the option to transfer a balance with your application, it will 
take at least 14 days after your Card Account is opened to process any balance t
ransfer payments. During this time, you may cancel or modify your balance transf
er request by calling the number on the back of your card.                      
                              You may transfer any amount, but the total amount 
of your balance transfer plus balance transfer fees must be less than your avail
able credit limit. Be sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other cha
rge amount because you may lose your dispute rights. You can't transfer balances
 from other accounts issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. To see if your 
Card Account is issued by Citi, go to citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of 
Citi products and affiliates.Continue to make payments on your other accounts un
til you have confirmed this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, w
e'll pay the amount of the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The availab
le credit limit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the tra
nsfers, including fees we approve.                        Things You Should Know
 About Your Balance Transfer Offer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer,
 interest will be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your pu
rchases have a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (includ
ing the amount of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each bi
lling period.If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotion
al APR on the balance transfer. Additional Information    Any benefit, reward, s
ervice or feature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be 
discontinued at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated
. Citi isn't responsible for products and services offered by other companies.Ci
tiÂ® Double Cash Card Reward Program Informationâ€¢ Your Card Account will earn cas
h rewards based on your eligible transactions. Such eligible transactions includ
e purchases and payments made based on those purchases. The cash rewards will sh
ow cumulatively on your billing statement as "cash back on purchases" and "cash 
back on payments".â€¢ Cash Back on Purchases: Unless you are participating in a li
mited time promotional offer, you will earn 1% cash back based upon eligible pur
chases appearing on your current month's billing statement. Eligible purchases y
ou make will be accumulated in the "Purchase Tracker" shown on your billing stat
ement. The Purchase Tracker shows the balance eligible to earn cash back on paym
ents each billing cycle. Eligible purchases do not include balance transfers, ca
sh advances, convenience checks, disputed or unauthorized purchases/fraudulent t
ransactions, Card Account fees and finance charges and fees for services or prog
rams you elect to receive through us. Limited time promotional offers do not app
ly to personal banking transactions you make so you will only earn 1% on these t
ransactions.â€¢ Cash Back on Payments: You will also earn 1% cash back on payments
 you make that appear on your current month's billing statement as long as the a
mount paid is at least the Minimum Payment Due that is printed on your billing s
tatement and there is a balance in the Purchase Tracker. The balance in the Purc
hase Tracker is reduced by eligible payments you make. When the Purchase Tracker
 reaches $0, you won't earn cash back on payments until more eligible purchases 
are made.â€¢ Redeeming Cash Rewards: As soon as the cash rewards balance totals $2
5 or more, you may visit www.citi.com or contact us at 1-855-473-4583 to redeem 
your cash rewards. You can choose to redeem your cash rewards as follows:    Req
uest a check for at least $25 up to the total cash rewards balance at the time y
ou redeem;    Redeem for a statement credit to your Card Account for at least $2
5 up to the total cash rewards balance at the time you redeem;    Redeem for a c
redit to your linked Citi savings or checking account or to a checking account f
rom which you have paid a Citi Credit Card bill at least two times.  Only you ma
y redeem cash rewards, unless you or we agree otherwise. You are responsible for
 any taxes that may be due on cash rewards redemptions.â€¢ Account Closure: If we 
close your Card Account, you will no longer be able to earn or redeem your cash 
rewards, and you will forfeit any accumulated cash rewards. If you close or conv
ert your Card Account, you will no longer be able to earn cash rewards and you m
ust redeem any eligible cash rewards prior to account closure or cash rewards wi
ll be forfeited.â€¢ Cash Rewards Expiration: Your cash rewards balance will expire
 if you have not earned any cash back from purchases or payments for 12 months.â€¢
 Value of Cash Rewards: Cash rewards have no cash value until such time as you m
ay request and receive redemption (check or statement credit) for your eligible 
cash rewards. You may not assign, transfer, or pledge your cash rewards. You hav
e no property rights or other legal interest in cash rewards.â€¢ Program Rules: We
 may revise any of these terms at any time with 30 days prior written notice. In
 addition, we may terminate the Citi Double Cash Card Reward Program with 30 day
s prior written notice. If we terminate the program, you will only have 90 days 
to request your redemption eligible cash rewards.â€¢ Fraud: If your Card Account s
hows any sign of fraudulent, abusive or suspicious activity, we may close or sus
pend your Card Account immediately without giving you prior notice. You may also
 forfeit your accrued cash rewards.â€¢ When you become a cardmember, you will rece
ive the full CitiÂ® Double Cash Card Terms and Conditions.                       
             Close