UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  17.49% to 25.49%, based on you
r creditworthiness.                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                              These APRs will vary with the mark
et based on the Prime Rate.a                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      APR for Balance Transfers                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        17.49% to 25.49%, based on your creditworthiness, for tr
ansfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              APR for Cash Advan
ces                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            26.74%              
                                                                                
                                                     This APR will vary with the
 market based on the Prime Rate.b                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Penalty APR and When it Applies                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.c                                                  
                                                                                
                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:                
                                                                                
                                                    (1) Make a late payment or (
2) Make a payment that is returned.                                             
                                                                                
                       How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are inc
reased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          How to
 Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing c
ycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire ba
lance by the due date each month.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Minimum Interest Charge                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  If you are charged interest, t
he charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
             For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   To learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at                                                           
               http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    Fees        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Fee                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
              $50. However, the annual fee is waived for the first 12 months.   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           Trans
action Fees                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                 â€¢                                                              
                                                                              Ba
lance Transfer                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      â€¢                                                                         
                                                                   Cash Advance 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                               Either $10 or 5% 
of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    â€¢                                                           
                                                                                
 Foreign Purchase Transaction                                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    3% of each purchase transaction in US dollars.              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                      Penalty Fees                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                               â€¢                
                                                                                
                                                                 Late Payment   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                               Up to $35                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
            â€¢                                                                   
                                                                         Returne
d Payment                                                                       
                                                                                
                               Up to $35                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                               H
ow We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "daily balance (includ
ing current transactions)."  Loss of Introductory APR: We may end your introduct
ory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you make a late payment.   For more informa
tion call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New York residents may contact the New Yor
k State Department of Financial Services at (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for
 comparative information on credit card rates, fees and grace periods.  Payment 
Allocation: We may apply the portion of your payments up to your Minimum Payment
 Due to lower APR balances first, including transferred balances. Generally, pay
ments above your Minimum Payment Due will be applied to your highest rate balanc
e first. Prime Rate: The variable rates shown here are accurate based on a 4.75%
 Prime Rate.                                 a We add 12.74% to 20.74% to the Pr
ime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance Transfer APR.                        
                     b We add 21.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Adv
ances APR. c We add up to 26.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR.
 Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.                      CitiÂ® / AAdvant
ageÂ® Gold World EliteTM MastercardÂ® Terms &amp; Conditions                    Th
is offer is valid for new accounts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. I
f you're married, you may apply for a separate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Fal
ls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 wee
ks from date of submission to process your Card Account application.By submittin
g this application, you request that Citi establish a CitiÂ® / AAdvantageÂ® Gold W
orld EliteTM MastercardÂ® account (the "Card Account") to you and any authorized 
users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this appli
cation must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account is governed by the terms
 of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is issu
ed.                            Identity Verification                            
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the g
overnment fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federa
l law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record informat
ion that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we will as
k for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow u
s to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driver's
 license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification information a
bout you or any authorized user you add to your account.            Credit Repor
tsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you from co
nsumer reporting agencies and other sources, for such purposes as: determining w
hether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing the Ca
rd Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servicing o
f the Card Account, and offering other products and services and for any other u
ses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we requested 
a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus that pr
ovided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative informati
on about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporting a
gencies.    Credit Information    To receive a Card Account, you must meet our a
pplicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your revolving credit limit 
will be determined based on the following:            Your annual salary and wag
es        Any other annual income        A review of your debt, including the de
bt listed on your credit report        We'll inform you of your revolving credit
 limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $1500. Pl
ease note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your revolving credi
t limit.       Card Agreement                            If you are approved for
 a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Card Ac
count.                 The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once you
 use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account,               
  the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account wit
hin 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement.                 We have the ri
ght to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and fees)
 in accordance with the Card Agreement.            Information Sharing You autho
rize us to report to American Airlines, AAdvantageÂ® miles earned with us. You al
so authorize us to share with American Airlines information you provided to us o
n the application and experiential and transactional information regarding your 
activity with us.   Special Notices                            Notice to Ohio Re
sidents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make cr
edit equally available to all                 creditworthy customers, and that c
redit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual u
pon request.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compli
ance with this law.                                        Notice to Wisconsin R
esidents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decree a
dversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, statem
ent or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge of it
s terms before your account is opened. Important Information About Adding An Aut
horized User            Before adding an authorized user to your Card Account yo
u should know:                            You're responsible for all charges mad
e or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.                Authoriz
ed users have access to your Card Account information.                          
          Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that we ma
y report Card Account performance                     to the credit reporting ag
encies in the authorized user's name.                                           
          If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obtain t
heir permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as all
owed by applicable law.            Balance Transfer Information                 
           How to Make Balance Transfers                                        
                   After receiving your card, you can call the customer service 
number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are made
 available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the standard 
purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.      
                                              If we give you the option to trans
fer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after your Ca
rd Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this time,
 you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the number on
 the back of your card.                                                    You m
ay transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus balan
ce transfer fees must be less than your available revolving credit limit. Be sur
e you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because you ma
y lose your dispute rights. You cannot transfer balances from other accounts iss
ued by Citi or its affiliates. If you are unsure of the issuer on the account, p
lease visit www.citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and affi
liates.Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirmed
 this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount of
 the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available revolving credit li
mit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, incl
uding fees we approve.                        Things You Should Know About Your 
Balance Transfer Offer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest wi
ll be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases have
 a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amou
nt of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing period
.If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on th
e balance transfer. Additional Information    Any benefit, reward, service or fe
ature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinued
 at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn't
 responsible for products and services offered by other companies.Award Program 
InformationAmerican Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantageÂ® progra
m and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdvan
tageÂ® program with six months' notice. Any such changes may affect your ability 
to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specified
, AAdvantageÂ® miles earned through this promotion/offer do not count toward elit
e-status qualification or AAdvantage Million Milerâ„  status. American Airlines is
 not responsible for products or services offered by other participating compani
es. For complete details about the AAdvantageÂ® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage.
American Airlines, AAdvantage, American Eagle, the Flight Symbol logo, Admirals 
Club, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, Flagship and AA Carg
o are trademarks of American Airlines, Inc.MastercardÂ® is a registered trademark
 of Mastercard International, Incorporated.                        Close