UDAP T&amp;C                                                                    
                                                                                
                                         CITI DISCLOSURES                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              Interest Rates and
 Interest Charges                                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  17.49% to 25.49%, based on you
r creditworthiness.                                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                              These APRs will vary with the mark
et based on the Prime Rate.a                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                      APR for Balance Transfers                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                        17.49% to 25.49%, based on your creditworthiness, for tr
ansfers completed within 2 months from date of account opening.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                              APR for Cash Advan
ces                                                                             
                                                                                
                                                            26.74%              
                                                                                
                                                     This APR will vary with the
 market based on the Prime Rate.b                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           Penalty APR and When it Applies                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   Up to 29.99%, based on your creditworthiness.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  This APR will vary with the ma
rket based on the Prime Rate.c                                                  
                                                                                
                 This APR may be applied to your account if you:                
                                                                                
                                                    (1) Make a late payment or (
2) Make a payment that is returned.                                             
                                                                                
                       How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are inc
reased for either of these reasons, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          How to
 Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
             Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing c
ycle. We will not charge you any interest on purchases if you pay your entire ba
lance by the due date each month.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Minimum Interest Charge                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                  If you are charged interest, t
he charge will be no less than 50 cents.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
             For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                   To learn more about factors to consider when 
applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau at                                                           
               http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                    Fees        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
            Annual Fee                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
              $99. However, the annual fee is waived for the first 12 months.   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           Trans
action Fees                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                 â€¢                                                              
                                                                              Ba
lance Transfer                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Either $5 or 3% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
      â€¢                                                                         
                                                                   Cash Advance 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                               Either $5 or 3% o
f the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                   â€¢                                                            
                                                                                
Foreign Purchase Transaction                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                   None                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           Penal
ty Fees                                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    â€¢                                                           
                                                                                
                      Late Payment                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
    Up to $35                                                                   
                                                                                
                                                 â€¢                              
                                                                                
                              Returned Payment                                  
                                                                                
                                                                    Up to $35   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a
 method called "daily balance (including current transactions)."  Loss of Introd
uctory APR: We may end your introductory APR and apply the Penalty APR if you ma
ke a late payment.   For more information call Citibank at 1-877-625-6382. New Y
ork residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at
 (800) 342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov for comparative information on credit card rat
es, fees and grace periods.  Payment Allocation: We may apply the portion of you
r payments up to your Minimum Payment Due to lower APR balances first, including
 transferred balances. Generally, payments above your Minimum Payment Due will b
e applied to your highest rate balance first. Prime Rate: The variable rates sho
wn here are accurate based on a 4.75% Prime Rate.                               
  a We add 12.74% to 20.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/Balance 
Transfer APR.                                             b We add 21.99% to the
 Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advances APR. c We add up to 26.74% to the Pri
me Rate to determine the Penalty APR. Variable rate APRs will not exceed 29.99%.
                      CitiÂ® / AAdvantageÂ® Platinum SelectÂ® World EliteTM Masterc
ardÂ® Terms &amp; Conditions                    This offer is valid for new accou
nts only. You must be at least 18 years of age. If you're married, you may apply
 for a separate account.Citibank, N.A., Sioux Falls, SD, ("Citi," "we" or "us") 
is the issuer of your account. Please allow 4 weeks from date of submission to p
rocess your Card Account application.By submitting this application, you request
 that Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank") establish a CitiÂ® / AAdvantageÂ® Platinum Selec
tÂ® World EliteTM MastercardÂ® account (the "Card Account") to you and any authori
zed users you have designated. You agree that all information provided in this a
pplication must be verifiable and accurate.The Card Account is governed by the t
erms of the card agreement ("Card Agreement") provided when the Card Account is 
issued.                            Identity Verification                        
    IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help t
he government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, fe
deral law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record info
rmation that identifies each person who opens an account. This means that we wil
l ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will all
ow us to identify you when you open an account. We may also ask to see your driv
er's license or other identifying documents; and obtain identification informati
on about you or any authorized user you add to your account.            Credit R
eportsYou authorize us to get credit reports and other information about you fro
m consumer reporting agencies and other sources, for such purposes as: determini
ng whether to issue you a Card Account, administering, reviewing and renewing th
e Card Account, credit line increases or decreases, collection and other servici
ng of the Card Account, and offering other products and services and for any oth
er uses permitted by law. If you ask us, we'll tell you whether or not we reques
ted a credit bureau report and the names and addresses of any credit bureaus tha
t provided us with such reports. From time to time, we may report negative infor
mation about your Card Account behavior, like delinquencies, to consumer reporti
ng agencies.    Credit Information    To receive a Card Account, you must meet o
ur applicable criteria bearing on creditworthiness.     Your revolving credit li
mit will be determined based on the following:            Your annual salary and
 wages        Any other annual income        A review of your debt, including th
e debt listed on your credit report        We'll inform you of your revolving cr
edit limit when you receive your credit card. Some limits may be as low as $1500
. Please note that cash advances may be limited to a portion of your revolving c
redit limit.       Card Agreement                            If you are approved
 for a Card Account, you'll receive a Card Agreement before you can use your Car
d Account.                 The terms of the Card Agreement will take effect once
 you use your Card Account. Even if you do not use your Card Account,           
      the Card Agreement will take effect if you do not cancel your Card Account
 within 30 days after we send you the Card Agreement.                 We have th
e right to make changes to the terms of your Card Account (including rates and f
ees) in accordance with the Card Agreement.            Information Sharing You a
uthorize us to report to American Airlines, AAdvantageÂ® miles earned with us. Yo
u also authorize us to share with American Airlines information you provided to 
us on the application and experiential and transactional information regarding y
our activity with us.   Special Notices                            Notice to Ohi
o Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors mak
e credit equally available to all                 creditworthy customers, and th
at credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individu
al upon request.                 The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers co
mpliance with this law.                                        Notice to Wiscons
in Residents: No marital property agreement, unilateral statement, or court decr
ee adversely affects our rights, unless you give us a copy of such agreement, st
atement or court order before we grant you credit, or we have actual knowledge o
f its terms before your account is opened. Important Information About Adding An
 Authorized User            Before adding an authorized user to your Card Accoun
t you should know:                            You're responsible for all charges
 made or allowed to the Card Account by the authorized user.                Auth
orized users have access to your Card Account information.                      
              Before adding an authorized user, you must let him/her know that w
e may report Card Account performance                     to the credit reportin
g agencies in the authorized user's name.                                       
              If we ask for information about the authorized user, you must obta
in their permission to share their information with us and for us to share it as
 allowed by applicable law.            Balance Transfer Information             
               How to Make Balance Transfers                                    
                       After receiving your card, you can call the customer serv
ice number on the back of your card to transfer balances. Balance transfers are 
made available at our discretion. All balance transfers are subject to the stand
ard purchase APR unless an introductory and/or other promotional rate applies.  
                                                  If we give you the option to t
ransfer a balance with your application, it will take at least 14 days after you
r Card Account is opened to process any balance transfer payments. During this t
ime, you may cancel or modify your balance transfer request by calling the numbe
r on the back of your card.                                                    Y
ou may transfer any amount, but the total amount of your balance transfer plus b
alance transfer fees must be less than your available revolving credit limit. Be
 sure you don't transfer any disputed purchase or other charge amount because yo
u may lose your dispute rights. You can't transfer balances from other accounts 
issued by Citibank, N.A. or its affiliates. To see if your Card Account is issue
d by Citi, go to citi.com/affiliatesproducts for a list of Citi products and aff
iliates.Continue to make payments on your other accounts until you have confirme
d this balance transfer has been received. Once approved, we'll pay the amount o
f the balance transfer directly to that issuer. The available revolving credit l
imit for your new card will be reduced by the total amount of the transfers, inc
luding fees we approve.                        Things You Should Know About Your
 Balance Transfer Offer:   If you transfer a balance with this offer, interest w
ill be charged on purchases made with your credit card unless your purchases hav
e a 0% APR or you pay the New Balance shown on your statement (including the amo
unt of your balance transfer) in full by the payment due date each billing perio
d.If you default under your Card Agreement you may lose any promotional APR on t
he balance transfer. Additional Information    Any benefit, reward, service or f
eature offered in connection with your Card Account may change or be discontinue
d at any time for any reason, except as otherwise expressly indicated. Citi isn'
t responsible for products and services offered by other companies.Award Program
 InformationAmerican Airlines reserves the right to change the AAdvantageÂ® progr
am and its terms and conditions at any time without notice, and to end the AAdva
ntageÂ® program with six months' notice. Any such changes may affect your ability
 to use the awards or mileage credits that you have accumulated. Unless specifie
d, AAdvantageÂ® miles earned through this promotion/offer do not count toward eli
te-status qualification or AAdvantage Million Milerâ„  status. American Airlines i
s not responsible for products or services offered by other participating compan
ies. For complete details about the AAdvantageÂ® program, visit aa.com/aadvantage
.American Airlines, AAdvantage, American Eagle, the Flight Symbol logo, Admirals
 Club, AAdvantage Million Miler, MileSAAver, Business Extra, Flagship and AA Car
go are trademarks of American Airlines, Inc.MastercardÂ® is a registered trademar
k of Mastercard International, Incorporated.                        Close